doc/source/usage.rst, before:

.. SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-2.0-or-later
..
.. November 23 2022, Christian Hopps <chopps@labn.net>
..
.. Copyright (c) 2022, LabN Consulting, L.L.C.
..

Usage
=====

Installation
------------

Install munet using pip:

.. code-block:: console

   $ pip install munet

Running
-------

Launching the topology:

.. code-block:: console

   $ sudo munet
   $ sudo munet -c otherconf.yaml

For a list of option use the ``--help`` arg.

.. code-block:: console

   $ sudo munet --help

   usage: () [-h] [-c CONFIG] [-C] [-k KINDS_CONFIG] [--gdb GDB] [--gdb-breakpoints GDB_BREAKPOINTS] [--host] [--log-config LOG_CONFIG] [--no-kill] [--no-cli] [--no-wait] [-d RUNDIR] [--validate-only] [--topology-only] [-v] [-V] [--shell SHELL] [--stdout STDOUT] [--stderr STDERR] [--pcap PCAP]

   optional arguments:
     -h, --help            show this help message and exit
     -c CONFIG, --config CONFIG
                           config file (yaml, toml, json, ...)
     -C, --cleanup         Remove the entire rundir (not just node subdirs) prior to running.
     -k KINDS_CONFIG, --kinds-config KINDS_CONFIG
                           kinds config file (yaml, toml, json, ...)
     --gdb GDB             comma-sep list of hosts to run gdb on
     --gdb-breakpoints GDB_BREAKPOINTS
                           comma-sep list of breakpoints to set
     --host                no isolation for top namespace, bridges exposed to default namespace
     --log-config LOG_CONFIG
                           logging config file (yaml, toml, json, ...)
     --no-kill             Do not kill previous running processes
     --no-cli              Do not run the interactive CLI
     --no-wait             Exit after commands
     -d RUNDIR, --rundir RUNDIR
                           runtime directory for tempfiles, logs, etc
     --validate-only       Validate the config against the schema definition
     --topology-only       Do not run any node commands
     -v, --verbose         be verbose
     -V, --version         print the verison number and exit
     --shell SHELL         comma-sep list of nodes to open shells for
     --stdout STDOUT       comma-sep list of nodes to open windows on their stdout
     --stderr STDERR       comma-sep list of nodes to open windows on their stderr
     --pcap PCAP           comma-sep list of network to open network captures on

Commit message:

docs: Alternate install instructions
When updates are made on master but no release
cut, it is unclear to a user as to how to
aquire the recent fixes or changes. The set of
developer steps is sufficient to run the unit
tests, but is not applicable to a wide range
of dev enviornments where munet/mutest is in
use.

Conveniently, you can install munet with all
the latest changes from github using pip.
This change guides the user to such an option
if they need the latest updates.

Signed-off-by: Liam Brady <lbrady@labn.net>

doc/source/usage.rst, after:

.. SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-2.0-or-later
..
.. November 23 2022, Christian Hopps <chopps@labn.net>
..
.. Copyright (c) 2022, LabN Consulting, L.L.C.
..

Usage
=====

Installation
------------

Install munet using pip:

.. code-block:: console

   $ pip install munet

Or if you need the latest changes from master:

.. code-block:: console

   $ pip install git+https://github.com/LabNConsulting/munet.git#egg=munet

Running
-------

Launching the topology:

.. code-block:: console

   $ sudo munet
   $ sudo munet -c otherconf.yaml

For a list of option use the ``--help`` arg.

.. code-block:: console

   $ sudo munet --help

   usage: () [-h] [-c CONFIG] [-C] [-k KINDS_CONFIG] [--gdb GDB] [--gdb-breakpoints GDB_BREAKPOINTS] [--host] [--log-config LOG_CONFIG] [--no-kill] [--no-cli] [--no-wait] [-d RUNDIR] [--validate-only] [--topology-only] [-v] [-V] [--shell SHELL] [--stdout STDOUT] [--stderr STDERR] [--pcap PCAP]

   optional arguments:
     -h, --help            show this help message and exit
     -c CONFIG, --config CONFIG
                           config file (yaml, toml, json, ...)
     -C, --cleanup         Remove the entire rundir (not just node subdirs) prior to running.
     -k KINDS_CONFIG, --kinds-config KINDS_CONFIG
                           kinds config file (yaml, toml, json, ...)
     --gdb GDB             comma-sep list of hosts to run gdb on
     --gdb-breakpoints GDB_BREAKPOINTS
                           comma-sep list of breakpoints to set
     --host                no isolation for top namespace, bridges exposed to default namespace
     --log-config LOG_CONFIG
                           logging config file (yaml, toml, json, ...)
     --no-kill             Do not kill previous running processes
     --no-cli              Do not run the interactive CLI
     --no-wait             Exit after commands
     -d RUNDIR, --rundir RUNDIR
                           runtime directory for tempfiles, logs, etc
     --validate-only       Validate the config against the schema definition
     --topology-only       Do not run any node commands
     -v, --verbose         be verbose
     -V, --version         print the verison number and exit
     --shell SHELL         comma-sep list of nodes to open shells for
     --stdout STDOUT       comma-sep list of nodes to open windows on their stdout
     --stderr STDERR       comma-sep list of nodes to open windows on their stderr
     --pcap PCAP           comma-sep list of network to open network captures on
